README.md, before:

<!--Gif-->

<div align="center">
<a href="https://app.daily.dev/Vansh_sharma"><img src="https://api.daily.dev/devcards/279d4ebc82c341388624e9a2aef4fbd1.png?r=kce"  width="350" alt="Vansh Sharma's Dev Card"/></a></div>

<!-- Contact -->
<br>
<div align="center">
<h3>Let's Connect</h3>

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/Vanshsh2701) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vanshsharma27/) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:vanshsharma9354@gmail.com)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Codepen-A89DDD?style=for-the-badge&logo=codepen&logoColor=black)](https://codepen.io/vanshsh)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/CodeSandbox-624763?style=for-the-badge&logo=codesandbox&logoColor=black)](https://codesandbox.io/dashboard/home?workspace=d5d2cd62-59c4-4472-b528-c790da428f56)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-23b065?style=for-the-badge&logo=dev.to&logoColor=black)](https://dev.to/vanshsh)

</div>


<!--Intro-->
<div align="center"><h1> Heyy There! <img src="https://media.tenor.com/images/f580b40a349dcb2d7cb93573e2329061/tenor.gif" width="50"/>
</h1></div>

#### ✌️ My self **Vansh Sharma**. 

#### 👨‍🎓 I am **BSC (Physical Science Hons)** Undergrad from University of Delhi.

#### 💻 I am Self taught **Web Developer**. 

#### 👨‍💻 Currently Ambassador at **SuperTokens** . [Link](https://twitter.com/Vanshsh2701/status/1483798876293570561?s=20&t=IWc3VX4VfwZeyDcyG8W7bg)

#### ✍️  I interned as a Content Developer at **GirlScript Winter of Contributing** . [Link](https://twitter.com/Vanshsh2701/status/1485265247371870215?s=20&t=TN4jg1Vh48anoQopECaVBg).


***

<!-- Hobbies -->

<div align="center"><h2> :star2: Hobbies: </h2></div> 

#### <li> Playing Chess. Invite me here :point_right:<a href="https://www.chess.com/member/vanshsh2701" target="_blank" /><img align="center" src="https://img.icons8.com/clouds/50/000000/rook.png"/></a></li>

#### <li>Reading [Books](https://vanshsharma.notion.site/BOOKS-3cf56cc10db54509a197fc63cf4a3a5c) </li>

#### <li> Watching Stand-Up Comedy</li>

#### <li> Sharing about Web Development on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Vanshsh2701)</li>

#### <li>Reading about new Technology, Startups.</li>

#### <li>Read my [Blogs](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/)  </li>

****

<!--Technical skills-->
<div align="center"><h2> Technical Skills 💻 </h2> </div>



>  <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-ffff00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=000000"/>


<br />

>   <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"/> <!-- CSS 3 --> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>  <!-- React --><img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB"/> <!-- Sass --> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white"/>

<br />

> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase"/>

<br />


> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)"/> <!-- Tailwind CSS -->  <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white"/> <!-- Redux --> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white"/> <!--Router  --> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white"/>

<br />

>  <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white"/> <!-- VS Code --> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>
***


## <div align ="center"> Recent Blog Post :pencil: </div>
<!-- HASHNODE:START -->
- [Functions in JavaScript](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/functions-in-javascript)
- [Difference b/w for..in &amp; for..of](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/difference-bw-forin-and-forof)
- [REST vs. SPREAD](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/rest-vs-spread)
- [Operators in JavaScript](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/operators-in-javascript)
- [Block Element Modifier](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/block-element-modifier)
<!-- HASHNODE:END -->

---

<!--Github Stats-->
 <div align="center"><h2>Github Stats 📈 </h2>

Stats | Languages
------| ----------
![Vansh 's Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=VanshSh&show_icons=true&theme=midnight-purple&text_color=BD632F) |  [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=VanshSh&theme=midnight-purple&langs_count=5&text_color=BD632F)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

---

### Now Playing 🎧

[![spotify-github-profile](https://spotify-github-profile.vercel.app/api/view?uid=31mwijo66vdfifxyddp3zvwtyxki&cover_image=true&theme=novatorem&bar_color=ffffff&bar_color_cover=false)](https://www.spotify.com/in-en/account/overview/?utm_source=spotify&utm_medium=menu&utm_campaign=your_account)
<br/>
 
<p align='center'><img src='https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=VanshSh'></p>

Commit message:

Feat: Added one more column Description: Added one more column of My Work

README.md, after:

<!--Gif-->

<div align="center">
<a href="https://app.daily.dev/Vansh_sharma"><img src="https://api.daily.dev/devcards/279d4ebc82c341388624e9a2aef4fbd1.png?r=kce"  width="350" alt="Vansh Sharma's Dev Card"/></a></div>

<!-- Contact -->
<br>
<div align="center">
<h3>Let's Connect</h3>

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/Vanshsh2701) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vanshsharma27/) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:vanshsharma9354@gmail.com)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Codepen-A89DDD?style=for-the-badge&logo=codepen&logoColor=black)](https://codepen.io/vanshsh)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/CodeSandbox-624763?style=for-the-badge&logo=codesandbox&logoColor=black)](https://codesandbox.io/dashboard/home?workspace=d5d2cd62-59c4-4472-b528-c790da428f56)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-23b065?style=for-the-badge&logo=dev.to&logoColor=black)](https://dev.to/vanshsh)

</div>


<!--Intro-->
<div align="center"><h1> Heyy There! <img src="https://media.tenor.com/images/f580b40a349dcb2d7cb93573e2329061/tenor.gif" width="50"/>
</h1></div>

#### ✌️ My self **Vansh Sharma**. 

#### 👨‍🎓 I am **BSC (Physical Science Hons)** Undergrad from University of Delhi.

#### 💻 I am Self taught **Web Developer**. 

#### Currently Ambassador at **SuperTokens** . [Link](https://twitter.com/Vanshsh2701/status/1483798876293570561?s=20&t=IWc3VX4VfwZeyDcyG8W7bg)

#### ✍️  I interned as a Content Developer at **GirlScript Winter of Contributing** . [Link]('https://twitter.com/Vanshsh2701/status/1485265247371870215?s=20&t=TN4jg1Vh48anoQopECaVBg).


***

<!-- Hobbies -->

<div align="center"><h2> :star2: Hobbies: </h2></div> 

#### <li> Playing Chess. Invite me here :point_right:<a href="https://www.chess.com/member/vanshsh2701" target="_blank" /><img align="center" src="https://img.icons8.com/clouds/50/000000/rook.png"/></a></li>

#### <li>Reading [Books](https://vanshsharma.notion.site/BOOKS-3cf56cc10db54509a197fc63cf4a3a5c) </li>

#### <li> Watching Stand-Up Comedy</li>

#### <li> Sharing about Web Development on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Vanshsh2701)</li>

#### <li>Reading about new Technology, Startups.</li>

#### <li>Read my [Blogs](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/)  </li>

****

<!--Technical skills-->
<div align="center"><h2> Technical Skills 💻 </h2> </div>



> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-ffff00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=000000"/>


<br />

>   <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"/> <!-- CSS 3 --> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>  <!-- React --><img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB"/> <!-- Sass --> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white"/>

<br />

> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase"/>

<br />


> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)"/> <!-- Tailwind CSS -->  <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white"/> <!-- Redux --> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white"/> <!--Router  --> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white"/>

<br />

>  <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white"/> <!-- VS Code --> <img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>

---
## <div align ="center"> My work :man_teacher: </div>

-  [Namaste JavaScript eBook ](https://vanshsh.gumroad.com/l/namastejavascriptnotes?_gl=1*n6e6fj*_ga*MjE0NDEwMTk3Ny4xNjQzMDM1NzI4*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTY0MzgxMDcyNy41LjEuMTY0MzgxMDg1MS4w)

---

## <div align ="center"> Recent Blog Post :pencil: </div>
<!-- HASHNODE:START -->
- [Functions in JavaScript](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/functions-in-javascript)
- [Difference b/w for..in &amp; for..of](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/difference-bw-forin-and-forof)
- [REST vs. SPREAD](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/rest-vs-spread)
- [Operators in JavaScript](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/operators-in-javascript)
- [Block Element Modifier](https://vanshsharma.hashnode.dev/block-element-modifier)
<!-- HASHNODE:END -->

---

<!--Github Stats-->
 <div align="center"><h2>Github Stats 📈 </h2>

Stats | Languages
------| ----------
![Vansh 's Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=VanshSh&show_icons=true&theme=midnight-purple&text_color=BD632F) |  [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=VanshSh&theme=midnight-purple&langs_count=5&text_color=BD632F)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

---

### Now Playing 🎧

[![spotify-github-profile](https://spotify-github-profile.vercel.app/api/view?uid=31mwijo66vdfifxyddp3zvwtyxki&cover_image=true&theme=novatorem&bar_color=ffffff&bar_color_cover=false)](https://www.spotify.com/in-en/account/overview/?utm_source=spotify&utm_medium=menu&utm_campaign=your_account)
<br/>
 
<p align='center'><img src='https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=VanshSh'></p>
